Finnhub narrative source for MSFT
Purpose: normalize one company news article for structural-risk discovery.
- headline: Tech Weekly: A blockbuster IPO, a sweeping online block
  summary: STORY: From a record-breaking IPO to a far-reaching online ban, this is Tech Weekly. :: Tech WeeklySpaceX on Thursday priced the biggest-ever U.S. initial public offering, raising a record $75 billion. It’s made Elon Musk’s rocket and spacecraft manufacturer one of the world’s most valuable companies.Selling 555.56 million shares at $135 apiece, the company was valued at $1.77 trillion. Thursday’s pricing supports Musk's most ambitious project yet - even as some analysts question whether its lofty valuation is justified.The company said Monday its underwriters had exercised the so-called "greenshoe" option to purchase additional shares.Microsoft has been sued by shareholders who say they've been defrauded. They’ve said the tech giant inflated its stock price by failing to disclose slowing growth in its Azure cloud business.And failing to disclose the need to spend billions of dollars on AI infrastructure. The proposed class action, filed Friday, was prompted by Microsoft shares falling 10% on January 29 after an earnings report.About $357 billion of market value was erased, and Microsoft's stock suffered its biggest one-day decline in nearly six years.Microsoft said on Monday it believes the claims are "without merit”. British Prime Minister Keir Starmer said on Monday he would ban social media sites for under-16s..And impose restrictions on gaming and livestreaming platforms for the age group. This amounts to some of the world's most far-reaching online restrictions, with the ban coming into place by next spring.He said this would help protect children online while pushing back against the power of big technology companies."At the moment, strangers can contact any child unchecked. Just think about that. Is there a situation in the offline world where you would just let your child pair up with a stranger, an adult that you don't know anything about?”Ford and other automakers are scrambling to obtain U.S. government authorization to continue selling certain models - despite being on the market for years. It’s due to a U.S. ban on Chinese-developed and -maintained software in connected vehicles. Ford told Reuters it’s asked the U.S. Commerce Department for authorization to continue importing its China-built Lincoln Nautilus SUV.And said despite its tech being built in the U.S., its installation in China now requires government approval. Lawmakers have ​proposed making the rules even tougher.
  url: https://finnhub.io/api/news?id=424b8660ac415a5229526fa80e5ce7d8102e3c33961d4caaca60e2091f563f7b
